Right, it's down there!
Coming through! I'm coming through!
Get your fag out your mouth!
- Who's got the pipe?
- We need more pressure!
- Pour on!
- Water! Come on!
Hold it!
Pick it up!
Watch yourself. Forward! Go forward!
Come on! Go! Grab the hose!
Play the drums.
And do it... And feel it
through your whole body.
Make a wish.
Think.
- One wish?
- One wish.
What a lovely boy. What a handsome--
Dad!
Come on.
Come on. We're nearly there.
This station is closed!
We need somewhere to shelter!
You should know
that the shelter is not provided!
- Open the gate!
- Move back!
This station is not
an authorized air raid shelter.
The shelters are full.
Where were we supposed to go, eh?
Stay close.
If you have shelters at home,
you can take cover there.
A sheet of corrugated iron to put
in your garden if you've got one.
- You're having a laugh!
- Move back,
or someone's gonna get hurt!
The only one who's gonna get hurt here,
mate, is you if you don't let us in!
- Force 'em open!
- Let go!
Hold them back!
We've got kids here!
For God's sake, open the gates!
- Away from the gate!
- We've got children here!
- Open the gates!
- Inspector, it's against the law!
These people are hopelessly exposed!
I'm ordering you one last time.
Open the gates!
Open 'em up!
- Get inside!
- Go on, George.
- Dad, you all right?
- Yes, love, I'm all right.
- Go on, George.
- Take cover, George.
That way! Round here.
Come on, love. Let's go down to the back.
They're bleeding cowards!
That's what you are!
How could you leave them here?
Go on, George.
Watch out.
There.
Go round there.
It's gonna be all right, Olly.
I won't leave you. You're safe with me.
Hey, it's not fair on him, Rita.
You gotta let him go.
Yeah.
It's all right, Olly.
Me, you, Mum and Granddad,
we'll be home in the morning.
Here you are. George.
This one?
Why can't you come with me?
Sweetheart, I told you,
it's an adventure for children only.
Grown-ups not allowed.
But it's gonna be great.
- You're gonna make new friends.
- My friends are here.
Yeah, well, you'll play games
in the countryside.
That'll be nice.
There'll be cows and horses and sheep--
But they smell.
I want to stay with you.
Yeah, I know.
It's only until all this is over.
And then the schools'll open again
and life will get back to normal.
I promise.
Please, Mum, don't send me away.
Here.
Your dad would want you to have it.
How do you know?
I know because
that's the kind of man he was.
Because you are his son,
and it belongs to you now.
And it's gonna keep you safe, all right?
Yeah?
Put your shirt on and put your jacket on.
Come downstairs, yeah?
To all parents
who still have children at home,
you have another opportunity
to evacuate them.
There is a possibility
that they will be uncomfortable
or that they will be homesick.
But the alternative could be unthinkable.
George! Hurry up, son.
Your breakfast is ready.
The long night of multiple raids...
- You all right, love?
- Yeah.
...shortly after eight o'clock,
when the warning sirens sounded
once again.
The raiders were met
by a heavy barrage of AA guns
but some of them were able to get over...
It's gonna be all right.
A medical officer was injured
and medical staff...
Attacks are evidently
in the nature of terror raids.
The people of London are not to be
intimidated by Nazi frightfulness.
London is carrying on much as usual
as inhabitants readjust...
Jack? Still got some breakfast
on the stove.
No, I'm all right, thanks, Gerald.
I need to check on Mum,
I'm back on duty in a few hours.
Give her my best.
Bye, Olly.
- Good luck today.
- Oh, thanks.
You be a good boy.
Look after yourself, my boy.
And don't forget,
be brave and stand up to bullies.
What do we always say about them?
All mouth and no trousers?
Pardon? I didn't hear what you said.
Speak up please.
All mouth and no trousers.
Correct. Come here.
Here you are. This is for emergencies.
- Come on.
- Thank you, Granddad.
Old iron! Any ol' iron!
- Yeah?
- George Hanway, nine years old.
Here you go.
Keep moving along the platform!
All right?
Love ya.
Don't forget to be a good boy.
And don't wipe your nose on your sleeve.
Use your hanky.
I hate you.
George!
This way! Get into the cars!
George, come back!
- George!
- Rita!
- All aboard!
- Rita, calm yourself. He'll be all right.
I need to say goodbye properly.
- George!
- Rita!
Stand back please!
All aboard!
George!
George, please look at me, darling!
Darling, why aren't you looking at me?
Darling, please! I love you!
Can you open this--
Please! No. George, please!
- Please! Look at me! Darling, please!
- He'll be all right, love.
Some nice family
will be taking care of him. Don't worry.
Get off of me!
George!
All right?
Yeah, I know. It's bloody hard
sending 'em away like that.
But keep your chin up, eh?
Oh, come on, Rita, love. Cheer up.
Look on the bright side.
You get to be on your own.
You can enjoy yourself.
He'll be well looked after. Otherwise
they wouldn't have evacuated them.
It'd be like going to Blackpool. Better!
Guess you're saving your voice
for later, eh?
I imagine you're a bit nervous.
I would be.
You sure you're up to it?
Course she is.
We're all looking forward to it!
It's her decision.
Everyone and their grandmother's
gonna be listening.
Yeah, I know that, but it'll make her
feel better, wouldn't it?
She ain't just a mum.
She's got a lovely voice.
My bloody hand.
- Try and pull. You're filthy.
- You try and pull yours.
Right, ladies, can we stop
the chitchat and get on with it please?
Right, yes. I know today is a special day
but that does not permit you
to take your eye off the ball.
There are boys out there, our boys,
relying on us.
Relying on you!
God help 'em.
I'll give him bloody work.
Have some of that!
All right, Tilda!
You show 'em, girl.
What're you like?
Bloody misery, isn't he?
So obviously, we're playing out here.
No feet on the seats, please,
boys and girls.
Oy, get down from there immediately, son.
It's not safe.
Sorry.
All right?
Temper, temper.
You look like my dog. Where's your tail?
Leave him alone!
- He's crying!
- Missing Mummy, are ya?
Leave him alone, would ya?
What's it to you? Is he your fella?
Oh, shut up.
That's enough.
If I hear another word
from you or anyone else,
you'll be sitting in the guards'
compartment for the rest of the journey.
Now then.
Who's a good boy?
All right, who wants to fight? You? You?
Which one of ya?
I thought so. All mouth and no trousers.
You showed them.
My name's Cathy. What's yours?
George.
- George, tea.
- All right.
Come on then. You gonna bowl or what?
Hold your horses.
Further back. Get further back!
Come on.
Right, you've asked for it.
Catch it!
- I've got it!
- I've got it.
Six!
What's the matter with you both?
Bloody butterfingers!
George, tea, now.
Go home to Mummy, you Black bastard you.
I'm savin' my love for you
All right, George?
All right? What's the matter, mate?
- Nothing.
- Well, it don't look like nothing.
Gonna have a sing with us?
What happened? You all right?
Shall we have a singsong?
I'm savin' my love for you
Here we go.
- Ready?
Like Jack Horner
In the corner
Don't go nowhere
What do I care?
Your kisses are worth waitin' for
Believe me
- Mum!
- Come on.
I don't go out late
Don't care to go
I'm home about 8:00
Just me and my radio
Ain't misbehavin'
I'm savin' my love for you
Yeah.
Next on the BBC, over to Victor Smythe
who is waiting to introduce the show.
Right you are, ladies and gentlemen.
We are ready to go live to the nation
in five, four, three, two, one.
Well, that was the Work's Brass Band
under its conductor, William Laughton,
playing "Trumpeter Bob."
- Do I look all right?
- It opens our contribution...
- You look lovely.
- ...to Works Wonders from this factory
here in the Southeast of the country.
As you know, we travel
the length and breadth of Britain
looking for factory workers with talent
to help cheer up the nation.
Today we feature munitions worker,
Miss... Miss Rita Hanway.
Go on, Rita! Go on, girl! Give it some!
Keep it down.
This is for all the parents
whose children have been evacuated,
and for my boy, George.
Here we go.
Turn
Sorry.
Can you do it again?
All right.
Turn up my collar
Whatever the weather
You'll be with me
Wherever I go, we'll be together
Just you and me
I wrap myself in warm, sunny you
Not to feel blue
My winter coat is you
Outside might be dark and gray
In my heart, it's a sunny day
Rays of spring will soon arrive
Blooming in your smiling eyes
Nothing ever brings me down
'Cause I feel you all around
Rain or shine, sleet or snow
You're the shelter I call home
Turn up my collar
Hands in my pockets
You'll be with me
Wherever I go, we'll be together
From sea to sea
I wrap myself in warm, sunny you
Not to feel blue
My winter coat is you
Thank you.
We need shelters! Open up the Underground!
Sorry.
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
we head back to Broadcasting House.
Thank you.
We need shelters!
Open up the Underground!
Just do it. Just speak to him.
Hey, I'm Tommy. What's your name?
George.
Georgie Porgie, puddin' and pie.
Kissed the girls and made 'em cry.
Little Tommy Tucker sang for his supper.
What shall we give him?
Brown bread and butter.
All right.
These are my brothers, Archie and Ian.
Do you want to see my beetle?
Do you wanna hold it?
Its name's Gerry.
When we got to Somerset,
they were gonna separate us.
That wasn't gonna happen.
In our family, it's one for all,
all for one.
So we ran for it,
hid in the woods and jumped on this train.
Tommy, I'm hungry.
Stop whining.
I've got a sandwich.
We can share it.
Strawberry jam! My favorite.
How'd you get away?
I jumped off the train.
Jeepers!
My mum sent me away.
At the station, I was a bit mean to her.
She's your mum. She'll forgive ya.
They always do.
I just want to go home.
Do you know what happens
if we get caught, George?
They march you to the nearest station
and stick you on the next train.
And then they gag you
and tie you to the seat with straps,
and hang a sign around your neck
that says "Dangerous Escapee"
so you can't escape again.
What happens if you wanna go to the bog?
Maybe they give you a nappy or something.
Let's play dares.
All right.
I dare you to climb
onto the roof of the train.
Easy.
Go on then.
Come on. Give us a hand then.
It's all right.
Here you are.
Climb up on them boxes!
Yeah!
London, here we come!
London! Wake up!
We've stopped but we're not at a station.
- Clear!
- Also clear!
No. This way. Come on, quick.
Clear!
Now!
- Come here, you.
- Get off!
- Get off me, you scallywag.
- Let go of my brother!
- Run!
- Leg it, George!
- Tommy!
- Get off me!
Bill! Over here!
Faster!
- Come on, Tommy!
- Bill!
Boss!
Come on, George!
Come back here!
- Try and catch us!
- Run!
- Stop! Come back!
- Come catch us!
Stop there!
Come on, George!
Get off the track!
What's stopping ya? You can make it.
Tommy!
- Tommy!
- Get back here!
How did you let that happen?
- It's disorderly and unacceptable.
- It's a disgrace.
Don't you have control over your staff?
We're at war, man!
I'm terribly sorry.
This should never have happened.
- Those responsible will be disciplined.
- I hope so and you'll be darn lucky
if we ever come to
this sorry factory again.
You.
You! Get your things and come with me.
And you lot and all.
Come on. Let's go.
Keep it going, girls.
All Agnes and the girls were doing
was telling the truth.
Well, see where that gets ya.
Out on their ears.
Should have kept their mouths shut
and kept their jobs.
- Blimey, Doris.
- Someone has to speak up, don't they?
- That was lovely, Rita.
- Really?
Felt a bit shaky at the beginning.
No, I thought you sounded lovely.
- Good night, girls.
- Good night.
Right, you ready?
Come on!
Come on! Yeah!
Come on. Yes, sir! Come on, now!
My mother gave it to me...
and now
I'm giving it to you.
It will keep you safe.
All by myself
No one to walk with
But I'm happy on the shelf
Ain't misbehavin'
I'm savin' my love for you
Oy, watch it.
- Come on.
- What'd you say?
I said, "Watch it."
You did that on purpose.
Come on. Take no notice.
What kind of man are you,
what needs a woman to defend him?
What are you doing with that monkey?
Hey. Watch your mouth.
Marcus!
Stay out of it.
- Get off him!
- Come here.
Get off me!
Fucking have him.
Marcus!
- What's going on?
- Get off of him!
- It's the Old Bill.
- Get off!
Officer! He's a savage!
- He tried to attack me, Officer!
- No! He's lying. They started the fight!
He came at us
like an animal for no good reason.
- All right. You're coming with us.
- Yeah, too right.
He should be locked up.
That sort is always a menace.
They threw the first punch.
I was defending myself.
Well, you'll have a bit more defending
to do when we get you down to the station.
- He hasn't done anything! Marcus!
- Oh, God! Rita!
- Get back!
- Rita!
I said, "Don't move."
Stay there.
Marcus.
Tickets please.
You got a ticket, young man?
Next stop, Piccadilly Circus!
Am I on the right bus to Stepney?
Well, you are and you're not.
What you gotta do,
get off at the next stop,
cross over the road,
get the 14, go three stops back
where you come from.
And what you do, you get off that bus,
take a right, take a left,
cross over the road,
you'll see the bus stop
for the 64 heading to Liverpool Street.
But you want
the one heading to Whitechapel.
And then it's five stops.
Get along with you, lad.
Loitering is not permitted.
Go on. Scat.
What is your name?
Come with me.
Oh, for goodness' sake. Keep still.
It tickles.
All right, I'm done.
You ain't gone nearly high enough.
So what?
No one's gonna be looking up there.
Well, then I must have higher hopes
for this evening than you do.
What about Dave? He's overseas.
What he don't know,
it ain't gonna hurt him.
Right. You see where my finger is?
I want you to go all the way up to there.
You got a view of a lifetime
down there, Doris.
Yeah, it's lovely.
For goodness' sake. Keep still.
Do you know,
you've got a lovely soft touch, Doris.
Been told. Thank you.
She's ever so gentle.
Happy?
That's better.
See, now don't you look nice
when you let us at you, eh?
Well, I'm really not in the mood.
Well, that's nothing
that a drink or two won't cure.
And I gave you the last of my lippy,
so don't make me regret that.
Come on. Let's get down there
before all the good ones are gone.
What's left of them.
Hello, sailor.
He'd do.
You've got a one-track mind, you have.
He's got a friend, look. Are you coming?
No, I'm bloody not.
Hey.
Come on, Jackie boy.
- Same again?
- I'm all right. I think I'm gonna leave.
Might go over to help
that Mickey Davies at that shelter.
What? Little Mickey?
Well, you know what they say.
Height can have its advantages.
You and your one-track mind.
Can't you just shut it for even a minute?
Sorry.
She can't bloody help herself.
What can I get you?
Same again, my love.
What's your name, love?
Tilda with a T.
What's your poison, Tilda with a T?
We've all got jobs now.
We can buy our own drinks,
thanks very much.
Oh, come on, love.
We're gentlemen of the old school,
where chivalry is alive and kicking.
Let us treat you and your friends.
All right then, if you insist.
Here we go.
Have a look who I found, ladies.
- Evening, ladies.
- Hello.
- Cheers. Thank you.
- That's all right.
- Cheers.
Looks like you missed
your chance again, Jackie boy.
Yeah, but she's damaged goods, isn't she?
She's got that little monkey
to look after.
Right, on your feet, Campbell.
- See you later.
- You what?
Come on. Let's take this outside.
Sit down, Jack.
He's had too much
to drink. He's pissed, mate.
Yeah, just having a laugh.
Keep your shirt on.
Well, then don't make me think of
taking it off.
All right.
Sit down, behave yourself.
Saying silly things like that.
What's your name?
I asked you first. At the arcade.
What is your name?
- George.
Pleasure to meet you, George.
My name is Ife.
Ife?
Yes. Ife is Nigerian for "love."
George.
Where do you live?
Stepney. Clifford Lane.
So how the hell did you end up here?
I jumped off the train
'cause I wanna go home.
I lost me way.
Please don't send me back.
Finish your tea.
Then you can come with me on my rounds.
Afterwards, I'll take you home
to Clifford Lane.
How does that sound?
- Ife?
- Yes, George.
Where do you come from?
My people are the Yoruba.
But I grew up in the Gold Coast.
Do you know where that is?
It's in Africa.
That's where lions are from.
There are lions in some places.
Not where I'm from though.
What about crocodiles?
There are crocodiles, yes.
But what you really have to
look out for in the city
are the buses
and the motorcycles and cars.
They drive like mad people.
Are you Black?
Of course.
I'm not Black.
Are you not?
No.
My father was.
He was born in a place called Grenada.
His name's Marcus, but I never met him.
My mum said people took him away from us
before I was born.
Why was that?
I don't know.
Me granddad says he was deported.
I told my mum I hated her.
Why did you say that?
'Cause she made me go.
She did it to keep you safe.
I know.
She was badly shaken
but back working the next day.
Anyway, I just want to say, for all those
who have been dispossessed,
made homeless due to the bombings,
there have to be rules put in place
due to the squalid, unsanitary situation
I found on my arrival.
Please use the buckets
which have now been provided.
There will be other buckets going round
for a collection
to help fund this facility.
- Sorry.
- We're here for your well-being
and to give all equal care,
regardless of whoever you are
or wherever you come from.
Like most of you here
I grew up in the East End as a Jew,
and in my community, we helped each other.
We joined together with good working-class
men and women to fight the fascists.
Now I want to be clear.
Some have called me a socialist...
a communist,
a danger to our society.
But my ideals are more closely associated
with Christianity
than with communism.
"Do unto others
as you would have them do unto you."
Maybe Jesus was a red.
May God bless us all
and our brave servicemen and women
that are fighting for our liberty.
And thank you for your support.
And don't mix up the buckets.
Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! Mickey!
Go on, Mickey!
Just a moment.
Make sure she takes it now.
She's in a bad way.
Yes, Mickey.
How can I help?
I'm Rita Hanway. I'd like to volunteer.
- You sure you've come to the right place?
- I can make beds, clean floors.
I don't mind doing anything.
How's your first aid?
I did my training three months ago.
Are you all right?
I evacuated my son this morning.
So I'm really missing him.
Hello, Betty.
I've got a new friend of mine
I'd like you to meet.
Her name's Rita.
She's gonna change your dressing.
What happened to your arm, Betty?
I don't know.
I want my mum.
Do you want a cuddle?
Yeah? Come here.
It's all right.
Hello?
Hello. Hello--
Good evening, sir.
It is blackout.
Please turn off your lights.
Who's that at the door, Stan?
No one, love.
Alleluia
Sing with me.
Come on, George.
I'm moving to the next stop!
ARP warden, coming through!
Make a pathway to let them through!
Come on, George! Stay close!
- Stop pushing!
- ARP coming through.
- Ife!
- Let the boy through.
Stand aside for him.
Evening.
I need to pee.
This way.
Behind those curtains.
Excuse me. What are you doing?
If you don't move,
there's gonna be trouble.
This is for English people. Move over.
- But, madam, we are--
- Don't raise your voice at my wife.
Who do you think you are? Just move over.
Sir, he wasn't raising his voice.
And I definitely wasn't talking
to you lot, mate.
So you better shut up and sit down
or I'll give you what for.
What seems to be the problem here?
This gentleman has put up
this sheet to contain us.
To put us in a prison within a prison.
I have no interest in looking at him,
but I do not want to be concealed.
Hey, what are you--
Sir.
There is no segregation here.
We are all equal members
of this country, willing or not.
This is exactly what Hitler is doing.
Dividing man against man
and race against race.
We are in a situation of war,
banded together,
asked to do our absolute best.
And I'd like to think...
I'd like to think
that we step up to the occasion
and see our fellow human beings as equals
and that we treat each other
with compassion...
and respect.
I would advise those who do not agree
to seek shelter elsewhere.
George. Come.
George. Get some sleep.
I'm still on duty.
I've got to finish my rounds.
I'll be back in the morning.
Ife?
Yes, George.
I am Black.
I'll be back in a few hours.
And I'll teach you another song
when I take you home.
Lights out!
Do you remember what it was?
That's a G. That's a G chord.
And then you go down.
That's F.
There you are, there. Play them.
What was the one
you guys were playing the other day?
Fun, right? Mummy's fun!
Yeah, she is. She's really fun.
Mum, Mum
Looks like a plum!
What?
I look like a plum?
- It's true.
- But that's mean.
I like plums.
George He's really gorgeous
All clear!
Make your way safely upstairs,
ladies and gentlemen!
Excuse me, sir. Have you seen Ife?
Ife.
Yes. Wait here, lad.
Come here.
- Quick, over there. Hide.
- Quick. Come.
Here, Bill. Boy's asking for Ife.
Didn't you hear? He got it last night.
What?
He was trying to get this old girl
out of her house. She refused to leave.
Didn't think twice about himself.
Bloody hell.
Right, then.
We've got to see about that boy.
Come on, I'll start over here.
Where's he going?
- Watch it!
- You mind where you're going!
Throw one at him.
Get out of it!
You'll feel the back of my hand!
Your mother's gonna hear about this!
I know where you live!
Go on!
Rita!
Rita, you all right?
That was close.
Right. Let's get this cleared up then.
Calling Rita Hanway.
Will you make your way
to the office please?
Take a seat, Rita.
What's all this about?
Mrs. Hanway, I'm Timothy Ashdown
and this is my colleague Brenda Watson.
We're from
the Education Officer's Department.
I'm sorry to say, it's been brought
to our attention that your son,
George Hanway,
did not arrive at his destination.
We found out that about an hour or so
into the journey, he absconded.
A child who befriended him told us
that he jumped from the train.
He jumped?
He got to his feet
and waved to his friend.
- He didn't appear to be injured.
- He was placed in your care.
- You're responsible for his safety.
- Now, this must be a shock, Rita,
- but please contain yourself--
- No. Where is he? Where's my boy?
Why can't you tell me where he is?
All the relevant authorities
have been informed, including the police.
You were meant to be looking after him.
All the protocols were followed
- in accordance with the law.
- All the protocols?
Where's my bleedin' son?
I left him in your care yesterday morning.
Here are our details, Mrs. Hanway.
If he finds his way home,
please let us know.
Rita!
I know you're upset, that's understandable
given the circumstances...
- Really.
- ...but you're in the middle of a shift.
I'll be back when I've found my boy.
There might not be a job for you here!
You can shove your job
up your jacksie for all I care!
All right. God. Rita!
- Hey!
- Rita!
- Get back here!
- Rita, what's happened?
- Rita!
- Get out the way.
Get back to work.
We're getting by at the moment.
There's still some sugar about,
but I don't know what's gonna happen
with these rations.
Oy!
Should get rid of the lot of them.
Bloody scallywags.
Well, it takes one to know one.
How dare you.
- Terrible.
- Oh, piss off.
Hey!
What, you're hungry?
Uh-uh! Hold your horses, boy.
When did you last have something to eat?
Come on.
Let's go get you a glass of milk
and a sandwich and you can be on your way.
I'm Jess.
You?
What's your name?
Well, no name, no sandwich. Your choice.
George.
Nice to meet you, George.
Can I have a sausage sandwich?
Don't see why not.
"Fruit soon ripe
Fi tek wi bite
Strength soon come
Fi wi fling wi mite
It soon come"
"It soon come"
Oh, here are. He looks small enough.
Done good, Jess. What's his name?
George.
Come here, boy.
Let me take a proper look at you.
Where you from?
Albert asked you a question, George.
Stepney. Clifford Lane.
Shithole.
Right.
Let's get you to work, boy.
Got that, Harve?
Evening Standard. Standard.
- Piss off.
- Ta, Albert.
There's a hole behind there.
What I need you to do is to make yourself
as small as possible and crawl through.
Yeah? Take as much as you can.
Understand?
Oy.
You try that again
and I'll personally thrash ya
till you're black and blue.
And after that, if you're still breathing,
we'll throw you in the river
and no one will find you, dead or alive.
Take this. Get in there.
Evening Standard!
Get your Evening Standard!
We're such hard down, are we?
Stupid kids.
Course I don't. What, by looking at it?
I'm opening it one way or another.
Can't we do it afterwards?
Anybody home?
Hey, you'll bring
the whole place down on us.
That's gonna take some retuning.
Jim.
Have a look at this.
Any scallywag off the street
could come in here and help himself.
Here, give us an hand.
That'll do for now.
Leave it to the Old Bill to sort.
Come on, let's get out of here.
Gorblimey.
Jim.
There's someone in here.
- I don't like this. Let's go!
- Wait a minute!
Yeah, too right. Let's go.
- Why did he jump?
- I don't know, Dad. No one knows.
- Where are you going, love?
- I'm going to find George.
I can't stay here, twiddling my thumbs.
- I'll come with ya.
- No.
What if he comes home
and there's nobody here?
Stay there.
- Is Jack here?
- He's round there.
Blimey.
Yeah, you done good, George.
Can you take me home now?
Yeah, all in good time.
No, now!
What, did that hurt?
Did that hurt? Did it? Like that?
Did that hurt?
- Albert
- Did that hurt?
- Did it? Did it hurt?
- Albert
Albert
Sorry.
- You here?
- Yeah.
Yeah, you deserve a reward, eh?
How about a bit of cake?
Would you like a bit of cake? Yeah?
Get him some cake. Yeah?
Keep hold of him.
He's a slippery little tyke.
Yeah?
Come on.
- Cup of tea, yeah?
- Yeah.
You've had a turn again, ain't ya?
Excuse me?
Her nine-year-old boy,
name of George Hanway,
was evacuated
from this station yesterday morning.
He was on the 10:45, but jumped off
about an hour after the train left.
He ain't returned home. Have you...
Yeah, have you seen him?
He's missing.
This is lost property. Not lost children.
We were just seeing
if you've heard or seen anything.
Not me, mate.
You have a nice evening.
Excuse me, my boy, he's missing.
George Hanway.
Look at the list.
Oy, that'll be it till later!
Come here.
- Ta, mate.
- That's all right.
Stop it!
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Okay. So the word is out.
People know about George,
but there's been no sighting of him, so...
- I can't be there to protect him.
- Listen, he's a scrapper, Rita.
He knows how to take care
of himself, doesn't he?
He told me he hated me.
I suppose I would have said
the same thing if I were him.
I mean, you...
I would have wanted to stay with ya.
I mean, you're his mum.
- This way.
- No, this way. Let's go to Mickey's.
Hello, ducky.
Horns! Stand up please.
Pardon my French.
These orders are backing up!
- Keep it moving!
- Let's go!
Yes, chef!
Let's go.
It's a wonderful ring, darling.
It could be probably eight or nine
or something like that.
- Show me.
- I said it was seven carats,
not eight or nine.
- Excuse me, can you take this one away?
- Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- What you doing?
- It's not coming off.
Give it here.
Oy.
Stop your gawping.
If you wanna go home, get to work.
Unless you want those uniforms
to put you back on that train.
'Cause that's what they'll do.
Come on, get on with it.
Help me.
Don't worry about it, they're all dead.
Their lungs burst from the explosion.
Now get on with it.
Get those earrings off pinkie dress.
Oh, Beryl,
- would you like to join us?
- Oh, thank you.
- Waiter! Bubbles please, waiter.
- Yes, sir. Right away, sir.
Is this your new girlfriend, Albert?
This is my good lady friend, Edwina.
Oh, lovely.
She's good fun, but she's a bit stiff.
- May I top you up, sir?
- Get it in there.
- Cheers.
To you and all that may sail in you.
- This is nice.
- A bit more.
Right and all, we deserve this.
You look divine today, dear.
Oh, thank you so much.
How lovely.
Give us an hand. Come on.
Come on!
Clear out!
- Hurry up! Come on!
- Clear out, everyone!
Come on!
Show me the way to go home
I'm tired and I wanna go to bed
I had a little drink about an hour ago
And it's gone right to my head
Wherever I may roam
On land or sea or foam
You can always hear me singing a song
Show me the way to go home
It's all right, mate. Safe here with us.
I'm tired and I wanna go to bed
I had a little drink about an hour ago
And it's gone right to my head
Wherever I may roam
On land or sea or foam
You can always hear me singing a song
Show me the way to go home
Get in there! Get in there now!
No, that's not fair to Hitler!
That's what I've been doing.
What about Punch, Hitler?
Punch Hitler?
Certainly.
That's the way we do it.
No, Mr. Punch. You dare.
How dare you punch me?
You're meant to say "Hail Hitler."
Hail Hitler?
I wish there was some hail.
It is very hot and muggy down here.
Maybe even a bit of rain.
What is it about you English?
Always talking about the weather.
I mean, "Hail Hitler."
Raise your arm like this
and say, "Hail Hitler."
Like this. Raise my arm like this and say,
"Hail Hitler." Hitler, Hitler, Hitler.
That's the way to do it.
Thank you. Oh, thank you.
You've been lovely. Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
can I have your attention please?
All right, everybody out.
There are no more trains running tonight.
I've got a right to be here.
I paid for a ticket.
That is a ticket to travel, madam,
not to stay overnight.
I'm waiting for me train
till it gets here.
Me too!
There won't be a train until the morning.
We're early.
We don't mind waiting. We're British.
Rules are the rules. I didn't make them.
Do you know what's going on up there?
Sling your hook.
Go on! On your bike.
There's the way out! Keep going!
Who threw--
Go on, you jobsworth.
There's no more capacity.
We've gotta lock the gates.
Fare thee well for now
Brighter days soon in bloom
Maybe this is the sign
To hang upon thy dear heart
Lift thine eyes toward mine
I'm coming home to you
Hold thy light through the night
Find your way back ashore
Good friends and better wine
Welcome you at the door
Maybe this is the sign
To hang upon thy dear heart
Fate will sweeten the vine
Sorrow to taste no more
What is that?
I don't know.
Come on. This way.
Hold on to me. Come on.
Come on.
Come on. Let's go, let's go.
Let's go.
Come on.
Come on!
Kid! Over here!
See if you can fit through underneath
and get some help.
You got that?
Give it your best, son.
Wait!
He's stuck!
All clear.
So I've gotta go and help out
at the station,
but look after yourself, yeah?
I'll catch up with you tomorrow.
Our little hero is finally awake.
You saved a lot of lives, you know?
If you hadn't have gotten help,
more people would have di...
How are you feeling this morning, love?
Where's my St. Christopher?
It's here, love. It's on the dresser.
And your clothes are drying on the rack.
My name's Ruby.
Now...
here you are. You drink this.
Lovely cup of tea.
Could I have my necklace please?
Course you can.
You're George Hanway, aren't you?
There's a lot of people
been looking for you.
Did you know that?
You're a very brave, lucky boy.
Right. Gonna get you some breakfast,
a basin of hot water
so you can give yourself a good wash
and then I can walk you home.
It's not far.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I won't be long.
- Morning, Constable.
- Morning.
Is he up yet?
He's just woken. He'll be ready soon.
And then we can take him down the station.
- Cup of tea?
- Lovely.
Olly.
Is that your name? Your name Olly?
Mum?
Granddad!
George?
- George.
- Mum.
Mum.
- George. It's all right.
It's all right.
I'll never let you go again.
Make a wish.
- One wish?
- One wish.